Developing the Child Holistically
Child Development
Integrate Understanding of How Children (Birth to Age 8) Learn and Develop, within the Curriculum (Senior Preschool Teacher). Apply Understanding of How Children (Birth to Age 8) Learn and Develop (The Senior Learning Support Educators* will also identify children with developmental needs.)

Curriculum & Pedagogy
Customise Teaching and Learning Approaches Aligned to Curriculum Frameworks. Customise Strategies to Observe and Document Children’s Learning (Senior Preschool Teacher). Engage Children Meaningfully through the Co-design of Curriculum and Appropriate Pedagogy (Senior Pre-school Teacher). Evaluate Differentiated Teaching and Learning Strategies to Meet the Diverse Needs of Children (Senior Pre-school Teacher). Lead in Integrating the Core Values of Early Childhood Education within Curricula and Programmes at the Centre (Senior Pre-school Teacher).

Refine Teaching and Learning Approaches Aligned to Curriculum Frameworks. Refine Classroom Management Strategies, and Strategies to Observe and Document Children’s Learning (The LSEd* will also document and report findings on children with mild developmental needs.). Engage Children Meaningfully through the Customisation of Curriculum and Use of Appropriate Pedagogy (Pre-school Teacher). Implement Differentiated Teaching and Learning Strategies to Meet the Diverse Needs of Children (Pre-school Teacher). (The LSEd* will also adapt the curriculum for children with mild developmental needs.). Inculcate the Core Values of Early Childhood Education through Classroom Curriculum and Programmes (Pre-school Teacher).

Learning Environment: Design Quality Learning Environments (Senior Pre-school Teacher)

Interactions & Relationships: Model Trusting and Respectful Relationships with Children through Positive Interactions with them.

Health, Safety & Nutrition: Advocate Appropriate Course of Action for the Protection of Children (Senior Pre-school Teacher). Advocate a Safe and Healthy Environment within the Centre (Senior Pre-school Teacher).

Collaborating with Families and Community: Family & Community Partnerships: Develop Strategies to Establish Partnerships and Collaborations with Families and Community Stakeholders (Senior Pre-school Teacher). (The Senior LSEd* will also engage multi-disciplinary stakeholders.). Lead in Implementing Collaborative Efforts amongst Families and Community Stakeholders (Senior Pre-school Teacher).